README.md, before:

# group [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/group.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/group) #

`group` is a crate for working with groups over elliptic curves.

## RFC process

This crate follows the [zkcrypto RFC process](https://zkcrypto.github.io/rfcs/).
If you want to propose "substantial" changes to this crate (in particular to the
`group` traits), please [create an RFC](https://github.com/zkcrypto/rfcs) for
wider discussion.

## Minimum Supported Rust Version

Requires Rust **1.63** or higher.

Minimum supported Rust version can be changed in the future, but it will be done with a
minor version bump.

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0
license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or
conditions.

Commit message:

Fork `group` as `rustcrypto-group` (#2)
Adds a `rustcrypto-*` prefix to the crate name so we can do our own
releases, since we're having trouble getting updates merged upstream:

zkcrypto/group#69

README.md, after:

# [RustCrypto]: group [![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/group.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/group) #

`group` is a crate for working with groups over elliptic curves.

This is a fork of: https://github.com/zkcrypto/group

## RFC process

This crate follows the [zkcrypto RFC process](https://zkcrypto.github.io/rfcs/).
If you want to propose "substantial" changes to this crate (in particular to the
`group` traits), please [create an RFC](https://github.com/zkcrypto/rfcs) for
wider discussion.

## Minimum Supported Rust Version

Requires Rust **1.63** or higher.

Minimum supported Rust version can be changed in the future, but it will be done with a
minor version bump.

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0
license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or
conditions.

[RustCrypto]: https://github.com/rustcrypto/
